sdk/log: Remove slice allocation from SimpleProcessor.OnEmit (#5493)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  The package contains semantic conventions from the `v1.26.0` version of the OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions. (#5476)
- The `IsEmpty` method is added to the `Instrument` type in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric`.
  This method is used to check if an `Instrument` instance is a zero-value. (#5431)

> - `SimpleProcessor.OnEmit` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace/noop` no longer allocates a slice which makes it possible to have a zero-allocation log processing using `SimpleProcessor`. (#5493)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SimpleProcessor.OnEmit` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log` no longer allocates a slice which makes it possible to have a zero-allocation log processing using `SimpleProcessor`. (#5493)
```
